just want to show you something so crazy
cool inside Spark drawer. So, I I wrote
this article for uh Wix Studio. It's all
about uh how to uncover whether your
audience is using AI tools and how much
and which ones. Uh and it it it covers a
bunch of stuff. There's there's some
details in here. Amanda reviewed it with
me. Okay. So, I I was thinking about
this and I I got an example from another
company which I which I won't name, but
uh Wix.com.
You know, when you go to Spark Tour, you
can analyze the audience and it's based
on people who search for a keyword in
Google or visit a website like Wix, but
a lot of people don't know that uh if
you got one of the higher tier accounts,
and this is coming for lower tier
accounts soon, too. Casey's working on
releasing it. You don't have to say just
Wix.com. Wix.com's huge. I don't know if
you guys have seen, but like their their
website covers tons of different use
cases and business solutions for all
types of customers. So you know what you
can do? You can go to Spark Toro and
using large language model uh tech. We
we basically make make calls against
this. You can say well what if I just
want to target audience uh attorneys in
the US who want to build a more
effective better design client
attracting website. They tend to have
less than 30 attorneys on staff. You can
say, "Hey, I want to describe this very
um specific sub audience and Spark Toro
will give you data on just that
audience." I'm going to show you another
example while it's processing, which is
let's say on the consumer's side, right?
Instead of B2B, maybe you're maybe
you're B toC, maybe you are selling a
tabletop role playing game that is an
alternative to the very popular Dungeons
and Dragons game, something something
I've played. Uh, and if you're looking
for those alternatives, you can go in
here and say, "Hey, my audience are
people who play Dungeons and Dragons,
but they're actually considering
alternative games, and I want you, Spark
Toro, to help me find people who are
looking for that content specifically,
and where can I reach them?" And Spark
Toro will do it. It will make these
calls to we we use uh chatgpt we use 40
great decision makers at small to
midsize US law firm seeking to improve
their website.
Boom. Spark Toro can analyze that the
same way it analyzed Wix.com's entire
audience. We we we won't have a traffic
estimate for this group, but you'll see
it is remarkable how much we're able to
get data about this. And if you know
anything about attorneys, you know that
this is almost certainly true that they
they tend to use social media very
little compared to other folks. LinkedIn
and Medium are the only ones that are
more than average. Every other network
they use less than average. You could
see the same thing in in search
behavior. Uh and then you can see places
these are these are places vis places
places that lawyers visit when they are
investigating options around building
websites and they actually a bunch of
these sites have information
recommendation around that. Same thing
is true for the YouTube channels for
podcasts for subreddits. Uh topics is
actually one of my favorite things I
want to show you this in particular. So
what what this does is it basically says
hey these people when they're interested
in this they are also interested in
topics around these things and we send
websites and we send uh the search terms
and all that stuff to the LLM and look
you can see this is this is along two
vectors which is really cool you can see
the audience affinity 95 94 94 so this
is quite high but because it's low
saturation
meaning not a lot of people covered it.
Uh, email marketing best practices for
law firms. It's a it's a high
opportunity target. Same thing with the
D&D audience. Boom.
Spark Toro can do it. When you save and
view this report, it will show us things
about that very BTOC audience. I find
this kind of incredible that that uh
LLMs can do this. Look, I'm a critic of
AI in a lot of ways. I'm sure you've
seen me have, you know, some skepticism
around it, but it's really good at words
that frequently come after other words.
Like, it does its job well. And if you
use it in these ways, you can get
remarkable information. For example, if
you know anything about tabletop role
playing games, you know that that crowd
is on Discord. And this tells me that
Spark Toro has correctly identified it
because this this is the highest I've
ever seen for Discord usage. It's the
fifth most used network above Tik Tok.
like this is the TTRPG audience. This is
this is who is in that group. They visit
these websites. I visit these websites.
So, I know that these are right.
Although, Gnome Stew is new to me.
Adorable. And anyways, I I highly
recommend that you give this a try if
you haven't checked it out and uh you
know you like to. It's at the it's at
the higher tiers now, but it's coming to
all the tiers at Spark Toro. You'll be
able to describe your audience in these
ways. Get all this great data. Get the
topic analysis of what's interesting to
these folks. Uh dig into the websites,
get the podcast and YouTube data. It's
it's just cool, man. I don't I'm really
I'm really kind of proud of this